ARRAYS


Question: Write code to access the second item in the fruits array. Answer:
javascript
'


Question: Use a forEach loop to print each item in the fruits array. Answer:
Javascript


Question: Add Orange to the end of the fruits array. Answer:


Question: Remove the first item (Apple) from the fruits array. Answer:


Question: Add Grapes to the beginning of the fruits array. Answer:
Question: Remove the last item (Orange) from the fruits array. Answer:


Question: Create a new array by adding Cherry and Peach to the existing fruits


Question: Use splice to remove Banana from the fruits array (assume it is in the second position). Answer:

Question: Use splice to insert Pineapple at the second position in the fruits array. Answer:


Question: Use slice to create a new array with the first two items of the fruits array. Answer:



Question: Find the index of Mango in the fruits array. Answer:


Question: Check if Banana exists in the fruits array using includes. Answer:

Question: Use find to locate the first fruit in the fruits array that starts with M. Answer:

Question: Use filter to create a new array with fruits that have more than 5 letters. Answer:

Question: Sort the fruits array alphabetically. Answer:

Question: Reverse the fruits array. Answer:

Question: Use reduce to create a single string from the fruits array, with items separated by a comma and a space (, ). Answer:




Question: Use map to create a new array where each fruit is in uppercase. Answer:

Question: Combine all the methods you've learned to:
   * Add Kiwi at the start.
   * Remove Mango from the array.
   * Sort the remaining fruits alphabetically. Answer:




Bonus Questions
Question: Flatten a nested array [1, [2, 3], [4, [5, 6]]] using flat. Answer:

Question: Use join to create a string from the fruits array with items separated by a hyphen (-). Answer:


















OBJECTS


Question: Create an object person with the following properties:
   * name: "John"
   * age: 30
   * city: "New York"
Answer:

Question: Access the name property of the person object and store it in a variable. Answer:

Question: Add a new property isMarried with the value false to the person object. Answer:

Question: Delete the city property from the person object. Answer:



Question: Add a method greet to the person object that logs "Hello, my name is John" to the console when called. Answer:



Question: Call the greet method of the person object. Answer:



Question: Write a loop to print all keys of the person object. Answer:

Question: Write a loop to print all values of the person object. Answer:



Question: Use destructuring to extract the name and age properties from the person object. Answer:



Question: Provide default values for destructuring if the properties gender and city do not exist. Answer:



Question: Create a new object student that has the same properties as person, but add an additional property grade: "A". Answer:

Question: Merge two objects obj1 = { a: 1, b: 2 } and obj2 = { b: 3, c: 4 } into a new object. Answer:



Question: Use Object.keys to get an array of all keys in the person object. Answer:

Question: Use Object.values to get an array of all values in the person object. Answer:



Question: Use Object.entries to get an array of key-value pairs in the person object. Answer:



Question: Check if the age property exists in the person object. Answer:

Question: Use Object.hasOwn() to check if isMarried is a direct property of person. Answer:



Question: Use Object.freeze to make the person object immutable. Try changing the age property. Answer:





Question: Use Object.seal on the person object and add a new property salary. Answer:





Question: Write code to create a deep copy of the person object using JSON.stringify and JSON.parse. Answer:



Question: Create an array of objects representing books:
javascript

Use filter to find all books with a price greater than 150. Answer:
javascript

Question: Use map to create an array of book titles. Answer:
javascript

Question: Use reduce to calculate the total price of all books. Answer:



Bonus Questions
Question: Use a for...of loop to print the title and author of each book in the books array. Answer:

Question: Write a function updateAge that takes an object and an age parameter, updates the object's age, and returns the updated object. Answer:

















































SETS
Question: Create a Set named numbers containing the values 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Answer:

Question: Add the value 6 to the numbers set. Answer:

Question: Check if the value 3 exists in the numbers set. Answer:

Question: Remove the value 2 from the numbers set. Answer:

Question: Clear all values from the numbers set. Answer:

Question: Create a Set of fruits ['Apple', 'Banana', 'Mango']. Use a for...of loop to print each fruit. Answer:

Question: Use the forEach method to print each value in the numbers set. Answer:

Question: Create two sets, setA = [1, 2, 3] and setB = [3, 4, 5]. Find their union. Answer:

Question: Find the intersection of setA and setB. Answer:

Question: Find the difference between setA and setB (values in setA but not in setB). Answer:

























MAPS


Question: Create a Map named student with the following key-value pairs:


Question: Add a new key subject with the value "Mathematics" to the student map. Answer:

Question: Retrieve the value associated with the key grade in the student map. Answer:

Question: Check if the key age exists in the student map. Answer:

Question: Remove the key grade from the student map. Answer:

Question: Clear all key-value pairs from the student map. Answer:

Question: Create a Map named countryCodes with the following entries:
   * US: "United States"
   * IN: "India"
   * GB: "United Kingdom"
Use a for...of loop to print all key-value pairs in the map. Answer:

Question: Use the forEach method to print all keys in the countryCodes map. Answer:



Question: Get an array of all keys in the countryCodes map using Map.keys. Answer:

Question: Get an array of all values in the countryCodes map using Map.values. Answer:

Question: Get an array of all key-value pairs in the countryCodes map using Map.entries. Answer:



Question: Use a Set to remove duplicate values from the array [1, 2, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5]. Answer:
3, 4, 5]


Question: Convert the student map to an object. Answer:
javascript


Question: Create a Map from the following object: { name: "Bob", age: 25, city: "Paris" }. Answer:

Question: Write a function getUniqueCharacters that takes a string and returns a Set of unique characters. Answer: